the problem with the SD card is not
I realized sometimes the problem
on the samsung android smartphone that
my sd card mister ken block found
which was the reason and it is so if
one then the smartphone the pc hangs
you can see it happening up here right now
he connects the usb and if i am now
regards
I see a usb connection to
files from the sd card roberts
& Co would and if I go in now
Of course, connect and now decide
the real decision that
some users will connect
what shut them down and that's them
sd card which actually can not be up
I work both sides at the same time
say okay so the edge on the pc
and on the on the and on the pc
Enter at the same time words
you can see that now on the computer
there no request now the automatic
something would like to take pictures
he has automatic playback
allowed power and if I have that now
look gcx okay that's mine now
entry in the work done you do that
pc too, but if i do it now i do
yes, if we are inside then then up
system
Stanislavsky the scanner
who has that then everything is okay
painting group I still have you when
I now my dates back to the system
shows that now but if you do that
just like that from trend since it can often
she wants to pay as soon as she is tethered
from the other side then he will be here
out of date
I close it again now at
Now I'm on my feet saying ok
usb wants it connects and
not us actually on the
other side usb memory and
off on the other side
it starts running again you stand running
go break off now I'm going in
my drive so that with me here
the helaba goes to this data store
make me an SD card
I put a contact cap on denser
Fire had always happened sees the
service but later on from happening
that there exactly now I no sd
reloading capitalism
The money often sometimes hangs like
you can just correct the whole thing
again went connect
connect the usb because you can see now
connect with where is final
if we reloaded that anyway
the sd-card tenant dar
and during the operation he may have had
no sd access
that means even though we are now during
I connect now with usb
if I want to be connected now
an application somehow makes you say
schiemer phone book that has everything
affiliated
there may be a while pointing
access which means they can to
example, not ball contacts
now a reader of the contacts
sd card now good that has the
you could look it goes
The swimmers have shit the erfurter
but both would not have done no
The star does not access a network
Westrum always came back that came
not connected
So it's up to him as soon as he's connected
other nonsense falls off whenever
the clinics if the whole thing
linked usb connected
if you look now if
I now have a phone book lg important
somehow import contacts , he said
can she be children again and exactly
that happens once I close now
times warm up to sec is important that
Now about the SD card that this one
Media scanner is performed when
which is done with then only helps
the usb cable again a piece of usb
connection is, and then unplug
restarted